Hi, I'm Pastor Torian Brooks and welcome to Faith Christian Church.
So glad you decided to join us today.
For the next 30 minutes, we're going to be looking through God's Word and finding ways for it to apply to our lives today.
Hope you enjoy this morning sermon.
There's a hope for today.
And even if for some reason you decide to sin, there's hope for today too because the Bible says today is the day of salvation.
Can I tell you in this day and day life, we're going to slip up and we're going to fail from time to time.
But thanks be to God, if you listen to the Holy Spirit, convict your heart.
You know, a lot of times we do this.
We'll do something or we'll say something.
We know that was wrong and the Holy Spirit will go.
Hello.
You know you shouldn't have said that.
And we say the Holy Spirit back off.
I'm justified in what I'm doing.
Do you not know what they did to me?
Do you not remember what Jesus did for you?
Hello.
In that moment, if we just let the Holy Spirit convict us and we'd actually repent, do you know how many problems in our homes would be solved?
How many problems in our, in our workplace would be solved?
I'm not even mentioning Congress, but just a thing for a minute.
If we would let the Holy Spirit convict our lives.
The other times in the Bible where great men of God had to repent and say they were wrong.
And it made everybody look bad at them for a little while, but you know what?
I'd rather people look bad at me for a little while and be free in Jesus.
Listen to me because people's opinions will be kicked our sway back and forth like the wind.
There's only one person I'm going to stand before on judgment day.
And that's God the father.
Listen, he's either going to say, go away or well done.
I'm going to tell you something.
None of y'all are going to be called as witnesses when I'm up before him.
And I'm not going to be called as any of your witnesses standing before him.
But I will tell you one thing.
We need to make sure we're living right.
especially after all Christ has done for us and the hope He's given us that He's going to be with us and He's going to help us.
Why wouldn't we want to?
Why wouldn't we want to live a good life?
Why wouldn't we want to pass on the blessings of abundant living to others?
Well, I'll tell you why, because I think some of us are selfish.
And we got this Jesus thing and it's all ours and it's all, and we don't want anybody else to share because if we had to share, we might have to make room on the pew next to us.
My pew.
I used to remember, we used to have this church in Memphis that everybody who donated money because they, you know how it works, you know, they never comes out of the general fund.
We always have fund raisers and everybody says, if you pay so much money, we will put your plaque with your name on it on that pew.
Well, folks, can I tell you that never meant that was your pew.
Hello?
Now, the funny part was,
And our church growing up, it was our pew because my family was the only ones that sat on the front row.
In the past, Brother Herbert, he was smart.
And he put our pew on the front.
The front pew donated by Bobby and Alice Brooks.
And it didn't even say family.
You said, I was a little disappointed about that.
But anyway, I was four.
I wasn't contributing nothing.
So I knew it was me.
But anyway, but that was our pew.
Oh, never forget the time Teen Challenge came in and they were sitting on the pew.
That's my pew.
Not really because when you're a kid and you're a little being in church, the last place you want to be is on the front because the pastor sees you clearly.
And my parents didn't mind the pastor calling me out, which was even worse.
Or worse than that, if the pastor called me out, my dad would pick me up and walk me down the aisle.
Nobody else ever had to go through that.
In a little service, walk me down the aisle, walk me out the back door.
And we didn't have soundproofing back then, so you can hear me crying when I got spanked through all the walls.
But it was the way it was done.
It wasn't just RPU, and one day these guys came in, and they said on RPU, and you know what my mom and dad did?
They gladly let them.
And we said on the second row, everybody thought we'd backslip, but it wasn't the case because
We it's not about that.
The hope in you ought to make you bring people to church because you want to share hope with them.
Do you understand the hope for the day?
The hope for the present right now is worth sharing with other people.
How dare us keep this hope all to ourselves.
How dare we keep the blessing of God for ourselves and say this is just for us.
It's not.
It ought to be the mandate of every believer of Jesus Christ to bring a carload of people to church every time we come.
It's a little easy for me because I got a carload already and we'd walk.
But the idea though is that if you've got room, bring somebody because it's worth sharing this morning.
It's worth knowing that day by day, you don't have to be addicted to stuff.
Did you hear me this morning?
You don't have to be addicted to stuff.
You don't have to wake up every morning living a lie.
You don't have to wake up every morning being, being guilty.
You can wake up every morning being free and live free and stay free.
Cause he who dwells in you is greater than you are and he can help you and guide you along the way.
Not only is God the same yesterday and today, but aren't you glad he's the same forever?
Can I tell you the greatest part of the hope we have in him is not just that he can erase our past and the guilt of our past and take our sins and cast them as far as the East is from the West.
And not that he sent this Holy Spirit.
I mean, that's great too.
They sent this Holy Spirit.
To help us, help us live, convict us, give us strength for the day, give us his word in our language.
But I'm glad also that my hope doesn't end with this life.
Oh, you didn't hear me this morning.
I said, I'm glad that my hope doesn't just end with this life.
But the Bible tells me there is coming a day that he's coming back.
Can I tell you, I think a lot of times we dismiss this hope
And we call it the blessed hope, but I think a lot of times we dismiss this hope because it's been so long.
We've heard it so much.
It's kind of like the, uh, kind of like make promising a kid a computer for Christmas.
Your little boy is nine years old.
His friends all around him have computers.
Actually back then it was Commodore 64.
If you know how long ago that was and, uh,
He's wanted a computer and then all of his buddies with commoners get IBM 286's with that 10 megabyte hard drive man that was kicking back then and and Boy, I'll tell you what that little boy says the parents say well son one of these days.
We're gonna get you a computer One of these but we're gonna get you one of these days we'll get you a computer and then the years go by and
Little boy goes to high school, and all his friends get IBM 386 computers with a 64-meg hard drive.
And parents still say, one of these days, we're going to get your computer.
Then all of a sudden, laptops start coming out.
And everybody's, whoo.
So are you finally going to give me a computer?
And I said, yes, son.
We finally got your computer.
It's a Commodore 64.
Found one in a garage sale for $10.
Here you go.
You know, come to think of it, I should have kept that carbon or 64 and sold it to a museum.
But actually I left it in the dorm.
Probably shouldn't have done that.
They'd heard about it so long in Peter's day that people would begin to scoff and mock.
And Peter is actually writing about church people.
You know, I think if we were to take some time and we were begin to read
A lot of the Old Testament letters to the churches.
And we hear about all these problems and controversies that Peter and Paul are writing about.
You know what we're going to find out?
I think you'll find out that a lot of those controversies are not talking about sinners.
They're talking about the church.
Conflicts in the church.
Peter said, there are some who are saying, where's the promise of His coming?
Peter reminds us that He is coming.
Let me just read you a few scriptures concerning this blessed hope in our future.
First Corinthians chapter 15, starting in verse 50.
Listen to this.
Now this I say, brethren, that flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God nor his corruption, inherit in corruption.
Behold, I tell you a mystery.
We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed in a moment in the twinkling of an eye at the last trumpet.
For the trumpet will sound and the dead will be raised incorruptible and we shall be changed."
Hallelujah.
For this corruptible must put on incorruption and this mortal must put on immortality.
For when this corruptible is put on incorruption and this mortal is put on immortality, then it should be brought to pass the saying which was written, death is swallowed up in victory.
Oh death, where is your sting?
Oh grave, where is your victory?
The sting of death is sinned and the strength of sin is the law.
I like the scripture, but thanks be to God who gives us victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.
Therefore my beloved brother and be steadfast and movable always abounding in the work of the Lord, knowing that your labor is not in vain in the Lord.
Amen.
Do you realize we have a hope?
Paul talks about it this way.
He said, there are people who have hope and no hope when it comes to death.
I see this all the time.
I've been in hospital rooms.
I may have told you this story before, but used to when I was in Tennessee, we would be called sometimes to hospital rooms and we would sit with a dying.
I think that as a youth pastor,
I set at the bedside of more people dying than I have as a pastor.
But as a young man and full of faith in God, I'd be there visiting at the hospital.
In fact, it just so happened this time, my father had gone through open heart surgery and had bypass surgery and they come through and I got a phone call right in the middle of waiting that somebody was dying up on six floor and they called me up there to be with them.
I remember walking in the room and feeling the cold touch of death
walked in there, there was one lady sitting over there holding the hand of this man on the side as he was breathing his last breath.
And I watched this as he faded away into eternity and all hope left the room.
The room became dark and it wasn't cause they had the lights turned on, it's just like joy all left the room.
She began to cry and began to tell me how this man lived his own life, did what he wanted to do, lived how he wanted to live, but in the very end cursed God just the two or three days ago.
And she saw him writhing in agony right before I got there because he knew he was going to die and go to hell.
Hope it left the room, just screaming and crying.
Listen, you've never heard screams and cries before until you've been
at the side of the death of a loved one where they knew that they weren't going to go to heaven.
I've seen it.
I've heard it with my own ears in this horrible sense of helplessness and hopelessness.
We've been told long ago that there might be a chance that we might be able to buy people out of torment and do things to help people get out of torment.
But the Bible says everyone is responsible for their own actions.
Let me tell you something, friends, there is a price to be paid for sin.
That's why we're supposed to give hope to people that they can live again once they've died.
Isn't it great that God didn't live, didn't leave Jesus in the tomb, but He raised Him from the dead and promised us new life?
Isn't it wonderful to know that this body is one day going to die and be transformed and I won't be overweight?
Hallelujah.
Can I tell you there's not going to be a need for an insulin pup in heaven?
You didn't hear me this morning.
So there's not going to be need for an insulin pup in heaven.
There's not going to be a need for drugs to take care of symptoms of pain and disease in heaven because the former things are going to be passed away and all things are going to be new.
There's a hope to know that one day when I breathed my last breath, if I continue to serve God with all my heart, one day I will close my eyes on earth and open them in glory and standing before me will be the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords and everything I ever worked for in this life and suffered for in this life is gonna drizzle away because it's all gonna be worth it all just to see him one time.
It's all gonna be worth it all.
going to a place with no more suffering, no more partying, no more pain.
And every tear I ever cry will be wiped away personally by him from my eyes because he's there and I'm there.
And forever I'm going to be with him.
I don't care if I have to shine shoes at the pearly gates or whether I've got to sweep up the back porch.
Just being there with him is going to be worth everything to me.
I'm going to be on the, I'm going to have a little hut by the beach.
Amen.
Not worried about hurricanes or tsunamis.
Bethany will be on the mountain up there with the snow.
Maybe I'll visit her every now and then.
But you'll know Bethany's spot of heaven when you get to the one place that stops sunshine.
It's all snow and 40 degrees cooler and everywhere else in heaven.
But you don't understand something.
There is a hope we have.
There's a difference.
I've been to the funeral of the one who served Jesus all their life and passed on.
Boy, there may be a little bit of weeping and crying because we're feeling the loss, but I can tell you what, there's also rejoicing in that room.
I'll never forget this one woman that we knew.
She died in a car crash just very suddenly.
Boy, I tell you what you walked in and to that funeral home and they're wanting a single frown in the place.
Everybody was smiling and hugging each other and supporting one another.
And then they started singing when we all get to heaven and there got to be a rejoicing in that place and a happiness in that place.
Not because she was gone because she was there.
Well, you didn't hear me this morning.
Wasn't cause she was gone.
It's called she was there.
And then we all start getting jealous and mad because we weren't there with her, but we decided that one day if we just keep on this strain and narrow road and keep walking with him hand in hand and letting his spirit help us live right.
And one day we're going to see her again and we're going to see Jesus face to face.
There's a hope in that.
There should be a joy that fills our heart.
It should be something that stirs us to want to live towards that moment.
Because the Bible says we don't know
when that moment shall be.
Paul makes it very clear that moment could come at any time.
In fact, he warns us that the Lord will come like a thief in the night.
Now we all think about that scripture being taught as a rapture, but you know any of us could die at any moment.
And until he defeats that, the last enemy death, we'll all have to go through that step if we don't go through the rapture.
Death can sneak in like a thief too and take us when we're not expecting it.
How much more should we live then?
A hope-filled life knowing that that's where we're going and not worried if we die tonight where we're going to end up.
I used to remember living as a teenager thinking to myself every time I went to bed, I better pray, I better pray and ask God to forgive me because I don't know what I did wrong today that I need forgiveness for.
Now I'm a little older, I understand that not everything, not everything I thought was sinful was sinful.
And some of the things I should have known were sinful.
I thought we're okay, but as I get older, I realize that when the Holy Spirit convicts me, that's something I did wrong.
But I can live through him, a life that says no to temptation, no to sin, and I go to bed knowing I live for God all day long.
And if I were to tie my sleep, I'll wake up in heaven.
There's something about the peace of knowing that your final home is heaven.
Something about the peace of knowing, that no matter what trouble you, I love what Paul says for the, for the, for the sufferings of this life cannot be compared to the glory which shall be revealed in us.
One of these days, everything that we work for so hard will be at an end.
I love what Paul says to the church of Thessalonica when he says, I don't want you to be ignorant, brother, concerning those who have fallen asleep lest you sorrow as those who have no hope.
But if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so God will bring with him those who sleep in Jesus.
For this we say to you by the word of the Lord that we who are alive and remain into the coming of the Lord will by no means proceed those who are asleep.
For the Lord himself, aren't you glad he's not sending another angel to do it?
He's doing it himself.
For the Lord himself will descend from heaven with a shout.
With a voice of an archangel and with the trumpet of God and the dead will rise first.
And we who are alive and remain will be called up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air.
And thus we shall always be
with the Lord, therefore comfort one another with these words.
So you got to understand in the Old Testament, it wasn't until David sits down the pen of a poem, which says, the Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want.
See David starts talking about death and he says, even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I'm not going to fare any evil because you're with me.
And then he says something that's unheard of in the Old Testament where he says, surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life.
And I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
He says, God's not going to leave me in hell.
He's not going to leave me, but he's going to have a place for me in one day where he is.
I'm going to be and thanks be to God.
Jesus provided that hope for us and we ought to be happy about it.
There's hope for our past.
There's hope for our present and there's hope.
for our future.
If we have all this hope inside of us, what in the world are we doing and keeping it to ourselves?
This message of the gospel, this good news is hope in Jesus.
And yet it's usually the least thing comes out of our mouth in conversation.
I want to encourage you to do something for me this week when you're out because this week we may see a lot of people out that don't have any hope.
As people are running around trying to prepare for the storm that's coming, what they should be doing is preparing their hearts for the time that's at hand.
I think a lot of times we should be taking every advantage of the opportunity that we have.
When the news is focused about something as catastrophic as a hurricane, we ought to be saying, but if you die without Jesus, what's the point of being prepared with enough water in your basement?
We will tell people to prepare for the storm that's coming when we're not preparing for the death.
that's awaiting us.
And for the people that have no hope, us keeping hope from them is starving them from having a blessed life.
It's keeping them from being in the place where God sent His Son Jesus to die for them so they can have the same hope we do.
There ought to be something inside of us that takes every advantage of every opportunity to give people hope like it's candy.
Don't you want hope?
Don't you want to go to bed tonight feeling free?
Don't you want to go to work tomorrow knowing you don't have to talk bad about your spouse?
Don't you know you can go into any place tomorrow no matter how crazy it seems and you can walk in there and find somebody that needs Jesus.
And I'll tell you something else too.
You can also find people who are looking for Jesus.
Do you know there's a world out there today of people who are looking for hope?
They have gone to doctors and pharmacies and found only things that kind of subside the pain for a while, but it doesn't give them hope.
They have read self-help books until their eyes have gotten bad, and they have to have glasses.
But no self-help book in the world can help them like Jesus cares.
The people out there who are on their last leg, who their families know, we're going to kill themselves if they don't have somebody come and help them.
And Jesus is right there with us inside of us that we're to, you know, to give the message of hope away.
We might be the last hope some people have.
You'll run into those people tomorrow.
People searching for hope.
If you go anywhere, you'll find people who are looking for hope.
And if you're a believer in Jesus Christ, you have hope and you have hope you can give away.
You have hope that you can give them for their past.
You can give them hope for their present.
And you can share with them the blessed hope that one day where he is, we can be also.
If all this is true, why aren't we doing more?
I really did believe that when we get to heaven, it'll be a lot more empty than we think it is.
I heard a sermon one time said, the one thing worst thing going to hell is knowing that you sent somebody there.
Knowing you could have offered hope to somebody and you chose not to.
I've told you before that I have the horrible privilege of knowing that there are people that I
with the school with that died without Christ.
I know they did.
By the testimony of their families, I know they never received Christ.
And I often wonder what I could have done more to share Jesus with them.
And it spurs me on to do everything I can when I come across people who need Jesus, not to hold back.
Not to keep in.
the hope inside of me, Jesus Christ, the hope of glory.
Can I tell you, I hope and I pray that you will become just as convicted as I am of getting the message of hope into the people's hands that need it the most?
Because listen, hope doesn't come from a politician.
Hope doesn't come from a campaign slogan.
Hope comes from Jesus Christ.
And because he is in us, we have hope and we should be giving away hope every single day we live.
We're so glad you joined us today, but you really should visit in person.
So, our times are 10 o'clock Sunday morning, 6 p.m. Sunday night, and 7 p.m. on Wednesday night.
We're located at 582 Rockingham Road, some highway five across from Redway Inn and Bellows Falls.
You can also visit our website at www.faithChristianAG
God bless you.
Have a great day.